feat: add `blas/ext/base/gjoin` (#8742)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/gjoin/README.md

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var gjoin = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/gjoin' );
```

#### gjoin( N, separator, x, strideX )

Returns a string created by joining strided array elements using a specified separator.

```javascript
var x = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ];

var str = gjoin( x.length, ',', x, 1 );
// returns '1,2,3,4'
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **N**: number of indexed elements.
-   **separator**: separator.
-   **x**: input array.
-   **strideX**: stride length.

The `N` and stride parameters determine which elements in the strided array are accessed at runtime. For example, to join every other element:

```javascript
var x = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ];

var str = gjoin( 3, '-', x, 2 );
// returns '1-3-5'
```

Note that indexing is relative to the first index. To introduce an offset, use [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );

// Initial array...
var x0 = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ] );

// Create an offset view...
var x1 = new Float64Array( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element

> // Join elements...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Initial array:
var x0 = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ] );

// Create an offset view:
var x1 = new Float64Array( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element

// Join elements:
```

var str = gjoin( 3, '|', x1, 2 );
// returns '2|4|6'
```

#### gjoin.ndarray( N, separator, x, strideX, offsetX )

Returns a string created by joining strided array elements using a specified separator and alternative indexing semantics.

```javascript
var x = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ];

var str = gjoin.ndarray( x.length, ',', x, 1, 0 );
// returns '1,2,3,4'
```

The function has the following additional parameters:

-   **offsetX**: starting index.

While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to access only the last three elements of the strided array:

```javascript
var x = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ];

var str = gjoin.ndarray( 3, '|', x, 1, x.length-3 );
// returns '4|5|6'
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   If `N <= 0`, the function returns an empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If `N <= 0`, both functions return an empty string.
-   If an array element is either `null` or `undefined`, both functions will serialize the element as an empty string.
```
